teachers proudly presents The Lion King
special edition on video for the first
time ever on Disney DVD
there's a liquid of adventure with the
characters who captured your heart and
the unforgettable music the world
embraced featuring the brand new song
boarding report with all new
never-before-seen animation
still reigns the king has retained the
most powerful film is now the king of
all DVDs
Walt Disney Pictures presents
special edition
come into video and for the first time
ever on Disney DVD coming soon to
theaters there are three point seven
trillion fish in the ocean I saw there
looking for one isn't big rivarly though
was taken to Walt Disney Pictures
presents Pixar Animation Studios Birds
II totally I gotta find my son people go
easy on him he's lost his son Fabiola's
fish are fresh to me the swirling vortex
of Cameron that's it
Nemo first you're like whoa and
then we run whoa you were like whoa what
are you talking about you serious
thriller she's dude coming soon to own
on video and DVD on Disney DVD in video
a fake bear a wild child a cool cat and
a little jungle rhythm
it's Disney's to hear it Papa Bear for
the bare necessities the simple bare
necessities and the sky
morning Sun peeks over the mountain
Charlie coming short must never do into
the jungle hey over here continuing
story show me you can still fight like a
bear of one of business house beloved
Animated Classics you know neither kid
you're with old balloon you saw when we
start to move a honey it ain't no new
friends and some of the coolest cash I
down-down ever roam the wild or lost in
the jungle surprised to see a pussycat
he's harmless get back to the bare
necessities with John good man this
place is and alito us know if this means
the jungle book in case you haven't
noticed kid I'm no wild animal separate
parties Disney DVD and video this summer
premiering or Disney DVD and video this
summer URI near more beside stitch well
stitch is number 66 these must be the
other 625 at all new movie we buy search
vir Kiron for genetic experiment
continues with lilo and stitch you had
coffee today didn't you
anything family
this stitch is back with his new family
farm and Katherine sticks the movie
let's destroy step I'm a Disney DVD
video this summer in a time before time
in a world you've only imagined a shadow
a hero a bit chosen
and the great adventure will come
tonight Bionic or mask of light the
movie
now available to hold on DVD surfacing
for the first time ever on a two-disc
Disney DVD there's about the underwater
adventure solicits that started it all
presents 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea
the special edition immerse yourself in
all the action with Polly the story
digitally event picture and sound this
is what I've been waiting for and dive
into new depths of imagination with over
three hours of all-new never-before-seen
bonus features including touring the
Nautilus and take a look behind the
scenes it never-before-seen footage one
does define my powers at this but this
seafaring family classic is a must own
for any immediate election I'm a
collector for twenty thousand weeks
under the seat
the special edition now available on
Disney DVD our feature presentation